docs: Update key vault integration piece (#323)
CluedIn-io/CluedIn.Documentation: docs/kb/kb0004-akv2aks.md

Reviewer: The title is too long. I'd suggest changing it to "Sync certificates and secrets from AKV to AKS".

        '--addons', 'azure-keyvault-secrets-provider'
        '--name', $aks.name
        '--resource-group', $aks.resourceGroup
    )
    az aks enable-addons --addons @params
    ```
    **NOTE**: Please note that this will deploy some additional pods to each available node.

1. Once the addon has been deployed, it will create a key vault managed identity which is used to  communicate back to the Azure key vault from the kubernetes cluster.

1. To get the managed identity, you can run the following:
    ```pwsh
    $params = @(
        '--name', $aks.name
        '--resource-group', $aks.resourceGroup
        '--subscription', $subscription
        '--query', 'addonProfiles.azureKeyvaultSecretsProvider.identity.objectId'
        '--output', 'tsv'
    )
    $kvManagedIdentity = az aks show @params
    ```

    **NOTE**: Depending on if you're using RBAC or Policy for Key Vault access, you will need to update the appropriate area so the key vault managed identity can GET and LIST secrets and certificates.

1. We will now obtain the key vault details:
    ```pwsh
    $kv = az keyvault show --name $keyVaultName --resource-group $keyVaultRG | ConvertFrom-Json
    ```

>     **NOTE**: This guide assumes you'll use the pre-existing key vault deployed at install time. You may use an alternative key vault if prefered, so please update the values above to match your desired key vault.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    {:.important}
    This guide assumes you'll use the pre-existing key vault deployed at install time. You may use an alternative key vault if preferred. In this case, update the values above to match your desired key vault.
```

1. Update access to your key vault:
    - RBAC:
    ```pwsh
    $params = @(
        '--assignee', $kvManagedIdentity
        '--role', 'Key Vault Secret User'
        '--role', 'Key Vault Certificate User'
        '--scope', $kv.id
    )
    az role assignment create @params
    ```

    - Policy: 
    ```pwsh
    $params = @(
        '--name', $kv.name
        '--resource-group', $kv.resourceGroup
        '--certificate-permissions', 'get'
        '--secret-permissions', 'get'
        '--spn', $kvManagedIdentity
    )
    az keyvault set-policy @params
    ```

1. With the above now set, it's time to start uploading your secrets and certificates.

1. Navigate to the Key Vault in the Azure Portal instance and begin adding secrets and certificates.  

>     Depending on what you are uploading, select either Certificates or Secrets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Depending on what you are uploading, select either **Certificates** or **Secrets**.
```

    For Certificates:

>     Upload a PFX of your choice along with a password

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Upload a PFX of your choice along with a password.
```

    For Secrets:

>     Create a secret key:value pair. These will be used for synchronisation from Azure key vault to Kubernetes secrets.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Create a secret key:value pair. These will be used for synchronization from Azure Key Vault to Kubernetes secrets.  
```

    As Kubernetes secrets are an oject that contain multiple key:value pairs, please ensure that your naming convention in AKV makes sense.

>     **EXAMPLE**: In Kubernetes we may have a secret `cluedin-login-details` which contains 2 key:value pairs. `Username`, and `Password`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    **Example:** In Kubernetes, we may have a secret `cluedin-login-details` that contains 2 key:value pairs: `Username`, and `Password`.
```

    In AKV, it would be best to have these two secrets as `cluedin-login-username` and `cluedin-login-password`. 

    When we get later into the guide, we'll explain how to pair these back up into a single object.

> 1. With all your desired secrets and certificates now uploaded, it's time to configure the `Values.yaml` to begin synchronising.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. With all your desired secrets and certificates now uploaded, it's time to configure the `Values.yaml` to begin synchronizing.
```

>     In your values file, we'll need to add the following block of code into the global values:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    In your values file, add the following block of code into the global values:
```

    ```yaml
    global:
      keyvault:
        enabled: true # When enabled, it will deploy the secret store manifest to Kubernetes
        #frontendCrt: cluedin-sample-pfx # This must match the certificate name on the AKV end. When mounted, it will appear as `cluedin-frontend-crt`
        userAssignedIdentityID: $kvManagedIdentity # This is the guid for the kv managed identity
        keyvaultName: $kv.name # This is your key vault name
        tenantId: $tenantId # This is the guid of your tenant
        secretRanges:
        - secretName: cluedin-login-details # This is how the secret will appear within Kubernetes Secrets once synchronised
          secretType: Opaque # For most secrets, leave as Opaque
          secretKeys:
            password: cluedin-login-password # The left side (Key) is the name in the Kubernetes secret object. The right side (Value) is the AKV reference which will grab its value.
            username: cluedin-login-username

    infrastructure:
      cert-manager:
        #enabled: false # Only set to false if using an uploaded frontend certificate.
    ```

>     **NOTE**: If you are using the certificate upload as part of your setup, you **must** disable cert-manager by setting `enabled: false`. You also must set `frontendCrt` to a value. It will be mounted as `cluedin-frontend-crt`. This secret name cannot change.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    {:.important}
    If you are using the certificate upload as part of your setup, you must disable cert-manager by setting `enabled: false`. You also must set `frontendCrt` to a value. It will be mounted as `cluedin-frontend-crt`. This secret name cannot change.
```

> 1. With all the secrets and certificates now done, the last step is to update and `secretRef`'s in your `Values.yaml` or chart to reference the new synchronised secrets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. With all the secrets and certificates now done, the last step is to update and `secretRef`'s in your `Values.yaml` or chart to reference the new synchronized secrets.
```

# Technical Notes
This section will explain some of the more technical bits.

> - The secret csi driver is deployed at the Kubernetes level. This deploys some additional pods to each node to facilitate this. However, if your max pods limit is the default `30`, you may run into an issue after deploying as the CluedIn application is on the borderline of this value.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The secret CSI driver is deployed at the Kubernetes level. This deploys some additional pods to each node. However, if your max pods limit is the default `30`, you may run into an issue after deploying as the CluedIn application is on the borderline of this value.  
```

>     Please ensure this is checked before proceeding as it may cause the cluster to not function correctly. 

Reviewer: It is not really clear what should be checked. Maybe "Please ensure that you have checked your max pods limit before ..."?

> - The way the secrets are synchronised is by the `cluedin-server` pod mounting the secret store and the secrets referenced above under `secretRanges`. It's important to note that the secrets synchronise only when the pod is active. It doesn't need to be in a running state, but it must at least be pending.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The way the secrets are synchronized is by the `cluedin-server` pod mounting the secret store and the secrets referenced above under `secretRanges`. It's important to note that the secrets synchronize only when the pod is active. It doesn't need to be in a running state, but it must at least be pending.  
```

>     This is a limitation of the csi driver itself rather than the solution provided by CluedIn.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This is a limitation of the CSI driver itself rather than the solution provided by CluedIn.
```

> - The Secrets synchronised do not override existing secrets that are created by the CluedIn Installer. If your secret matches the same name (frontend certificate is mandatory here), you must remove the existing secret for the synchronised secret to appear

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The secrets synchronized do not override existing secrets that are created by the CluedIn Installer. If your secret matches the same name (front-end certificate is mandatory here), you must remove the existing secret for the synchronized secret to appear.
```

> - Please ensure there is enough resources as well. For example, by default the neo4j and elasticsearch pods consume a majority of the nodes they have been assigned. Having the additional Key Vault pods on these nodes may potentially prevent these from starting up.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Please ensure that you have enough resources. For example, by default the Neo4j and Elasticsearch pods consume a majority of the nodes they have been assigned. Having the additional Key Vault pods on these nodes may potentially prevent these from starting up.
```
